moar complitz tags docs (#620)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/playbook_guide/playbooks_tags.rst

.. _special_tags:

> Special tags:
> =============

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Special tags
============
```

> Ansible reserves several tag names for special behavior: always, never, tagged, untagged and all.
> Both ``always`` and ``never`` are mostly for use in tagging the tasks themselves, the other three are used when selecting which tags to run or skip.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Ansible reserves several tag names for special behavior: ``always``, ``never``, ``tagged``, ``untagged`` and ``all``.
Both ``always`` and ``never`` are mostly for use in tagging the tasks themselves, the other three are used when selecting which tags to run or skip.
```

Always and Never
----------------

> Ansible reserves several tag names for special behavior, these are two of them: always and never. If you assign the ``always`` tag to a task or play, Ansible will always run that task or play, unless you specifically skip it (``--skip-tags always``) or another tag defined on that task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ansible reserves several tag names for special behavior, two of which are ``always`` and ``never``. If you assign the ``always`` tag to a task or play, Ansible will always run that task or play, unless you specifically skip it (``--skip-tags always``) or another tag defined on that task.
```

   - name: Print a message
     ansible.builtin.debug:
       msg: "runs when you use specify tag1, all(default) or tagged"
     tags:
     - tag1

   - name: Print a message
     ansible.builtin.debug:
       msg: "always runs unless you explicitly skip, like if you use ``--skip-tags tag2``"
     tags:
        - always
        - tag2

.. warning::
   * The internal fact gathering task is tagged with 'always' by default. But it can be skipped if
     you apply a tag to the play and you skip it directly (``--skip-tags``) or indirectly when you use
     ``--tags`` and omit it.

.. warning::
   * The role argument specification validation task is tagged with 'always' by default. This validation
     will be skipped if you use ``--skip-tags always``.

.. versionadded:: 2.5

> If you assign the ``never`` tag to a task or play, Ansible will skip that task or play unless you specifically request it (``--tags never``) or another tag defined for that task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you assign the ``never`` tag to a task or play, Ansible skips that task or play unless you specifically request it (``--tags never``) or another tag defined for that task.
```

   ansible-playbook example.yml --tags "all,never"

Run tasks with tag1 or tag3 but skip tasks that also have tag4:

.. code-block:: bash

   ansible-playbook example.yml --tags "tag1,tag3" --skip-tags "tag4"

.. _tag_precedence:

Tag precedence
--------------

> Skipping always trumps explict tags, for example, if you specify both ``--tags`` and ``--skip-tags`` the latter has precedence. For example ``--tags tag1,tag3,tag4 --skip-tags tag3`` will only run tasks tagged with tag1 or tag4, but not with tag3, even if the task has one of the other tags.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Skipping always trumps explicit tags, for example, if you specify both ``--tags`` and ``--skip-tags`` the latter has precedence. For example ``--tags tag1,tag3,tag4 --skip-tags tag3`` will only run tasks tagged with tag1 or tag4, but not with tag3, even if the task has one of the other tags.
```

> Skipping always trumps explict tags, for example, if you specify both ``--tags`` and ``--skip-tags`` the latter has precedence. For example ``--tags tag1,tag3,tag4 --skip-tags tag3`` will only run tasks tagged with tag1 or tag4, but not with tag3, even if the task has one of the other tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Skipping always takes precedence over explict tags, for example, if you specify both ``--tags`` and ``--skip-tags`` the latter has precedence. For example ``--tags tag1,tag3,tag4 --skip-tags tag3`` will only run tasks tagged with tag1 or tag4, but not with tag3, even if the task has one of the other tags.
```

         name: mixed.yml
       tags: mytag

When you run the playbook with ``ansible-playbook -i hosts myplaybook.yml --tags "mytag"``, Ansible skips the task with no tags, runs the tagged individual task, and runs the two tasks in the block. Also it could run fact gathering (implicit task) as it is tagged with ``always``.

.. _tag_inheritance:

Tag inheritance: adding tags to multiple tasks
----------------------------------------------

> If you want to apply the same tag or tags to multiple tasks without adding a ``tags`` line to every task, you can define the tags at the level of your play or block, or when you add a role or import a file. Ansible applies the tags down the dependency chain to all child tasks. With roles and imports, Ansible appends the tags set by the ``roles`` section or import to any tags set on individual tasks or blocks within the role or imported file. This is called tag inheritance. Tag inheritance is convenient, because you do not have to tag every task. However, the tags still apply to the tasks individually.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to apply the same tag or tags to multiple tasks without adding a ``tags`` line to every task, you can define the tags at the level of your play or block, or when you add a role or import a file. Ansible applies the tags down the dependency chain to all child tasks. With roles and imports, Ansible appends the tags set by the ``roles`` section or import to any tags set on individual tasks or blocks within the role or imported file. This is called tag inheritance. Tag inheritance is convenient because you do not have to tag every task. However, the tags still apply to the tasks individually.
```
